increase minimum password length (#136)
AdobeDocs/commerce-operations.en: help/installation/tutorials/admin.md

|`--admin-email`| Administrator user's e-mail address.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |Yes|
|`--admin-user`| Administrator username.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |Yes|

> |`--admin-password`| Administrator user password. The password must be at least 12 characters in length and must include at least one alphabetic and at least one numeric character. <br><br>We recommend a longer, more complex password. If the password string contains special characters that require literal interpretation (such as backslashes or spaces), enclose the password in single quotations. |Yes|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`--admin-password`| Administrator user password. The password must be at least 12 characters in length and must include at least one alphabetic and at least one numeric character. <br><br>Adobe recommends specifying a longer, more complex password. If the password string contains special characters that require literal interpretation (such as backslashes or spaces), enclose the password in single quotations. |Yes|
```
